hello I am baymax let us count down
these robots from other movies hey
thanks baymax baymax everybody really
really cool baymax really down to earth
not one of those big headed robots
anyway data analysis says number seven
tick-tock is not only one of the first
robots on her list he's one of the first
robots ever tick-tock-tick talk to you
stop stop to the tick-tock you don't
stop stop number six the Omni droid from
the incredibles so big so angry you know
what I think he's got droid rage uh-huh
I'm taking some steroids he's droid it
up the incredibles are like the big hero
6 except with way more family vacations
number 5 iron man with or without Tony
Stark the Iron Man suit is danger it can
think it can fly it can fight it's
basically me ah 4444 go go gadget trench
coat inspector gadget can hide his
robotics under his hat and coat but I
get stared out wherever I go three or
should I say 53 her be four cylinders
five speeds six movies and the wine
television show to TW o to Wally Oh
Wally he's a three-foot-tall garbage man
in a post-apocalyptic junkyard and he
still finds love there is hope for us
all number one is a two-way tie I'm
sorry but it is because it's c-3po and
r2d2 what the Laurel and Hardy of
science fiction the Abbott and Costello
of Tatooine the Dumb and Dumber of the
Millennium Falcon they are my favs and
they are your face my r2d2 personation
working on it success all robots counted
down to completion I am in good company
please feel free to add your favorites
in the comment